welcome back foxy news on a Sunday
morning alright so we have a special
guest today here and chef tom is your
chef how are you good how are you it's
nice seeing you chinese new year today's
the day that's right all right and
you're of the sink yes a year of the
snake yes so but we're not cooking snake
no night off okay good thank goodness
what are we gonna make today we are
going to make the chicken lettuce wrap
mm-hmm also a simple fresh ingredient
with the jumbo shrimp stir fried noodle
ah speaker very nice you know what
Chinese food always seems intimidating
to me because there's something of these
restaurants that always taste so
delicious and then we go home you try to
do it it never tastes right I know it's
all the sauces it's about the key
ingredient is right all right so this is
our finished product and it's everybody
always gets as appetizer at the
restaurants right i mean it's like a
favorite so let's let's make it sure all
right let's do it sure heat up the pan
there oh okay good oh good I don't know
why hair nets are you really making the
chicken lettuce wrap okay okay so I
already did chicken and the shrimp
mm-hmm stir fry earlier so is semi cook
right now so we're just going to hit the
walk right now and we're gonna add for
you want to have tea spoon for me 2 TSP
okay grab that sure that's what you have
your sous chef then nope you're good
ready to go okay same here we didn't
rehearse this at all we can still fight
the ginger and the garlic until fragrant
now you can edit an ingredient in
everything ends together same here I'm
just gonna stir fry for a minute self
okay just like this see how easy oh and
then so you do that and then you add the
sauce and then we're going to add the
sauce after that what do you think you
can handle this except now it's good
right now all right no I feel like I'm
with a master chef Terry Oh Anna hell no
are you gonna head some sherry cooking
wine ok ok this is oh that's what you
want to hear that bring out a really
good flavor so when you hear the sizzle
you know the sizzle is correct that's
right and right he will burn off the
alcohol so now you have a very nice
thick stripped off the wine and give a
stir fry little bit until to the bit
soften nope I should try that that's
good ok thanks that hoisin sauce for yes
this is a hoisin sauce I knew for the
chicken lettuce wraps you gotta have
this and also just a little bit soy
sauce it's a mad flavor that's good
enough ok for me I used poisonous sauce
for my noodle cuz you could you have
fish and that's the difference right yes
I'm right back here and it's our sauce
just won't take long story and this is
really healthy for them all very hearty
don't cry all right let's stir fry until
everything is evenly other work there
we'll get this recipe up at
myfoxdetroit.com so we can do it at all
it is separated already a party now your
college of cooking very good ok it's ok
now on over to yes we don't wanna
overcook the chicken no results sesame
oil drizzle it like this just like this
ok
are you impressed you cook with my
tenure stir just black pepper that's
probably true I prefer crock pot cook
all right he's done it's done two balls
that nice all right now what does she do
we put at it we just put it up I'm gonna
put it right here okay nice am I just
gonna edit through my process this right
here oh it's beautiful look at that
present a sec and just and then you can
add sriracha a racha let's put it up so
let's talk about it's a couple more
items even here are these pot stickers
yeah those are Chinese New Year's
traditional New Year's food okay yeah
that's a pimp fried dumpling dumpling
and this is a stir-fry lobster with
scallion and ginger sauce what is it
what is this am i holding themed fish
traditional Chinese New Year steamed
fish okay and you can I use a rest
napper you can use a cooper or butterfly
fish I might have a little tough time
eating this one I don't like to see the
face when it smiles I don't look at it
Jake well good you can have this I'll
just do the lobster okay all the details
are up at myfoxdetroit.com chef Tom
you're great thank you thank you good
stuff in more info about Chef Tom as
well